Services &amp; Solutions - 3R Management Skip to content name@example.com Call Now and Get a FREE Consultation (800) 925-63-24 Home Services &#038; Solutions Integrated Waste Management waste-management-4-0 Sorting and Recycling BioCNG Waste Transportation Contacts Us Career Linkedin-in Facebook-f Instagram Linkedin-in Facebook-f Instagram Home Home Blog Who We Do What We Do Home Blog Who We Are Who We Are Blog Make an Enquiry Make an Enquiry Home / Services &#038; Solutions Services &#038; Solutions Home / Services &#038; Solutions BREWING WASTE Discover the smartest waste management solutions with 3RM. Become a Better Ecosystem, Together. We contribute to a smarter, greener and litter free ecosystem either directly to the society or inderictly through eliminating pollution from waste and general livelihoods Owenserhip. Innovation. Humility We’re Changing the Way India Thinks About Waste Blogs & Media Solid Waste Management Betting on Recovery In the current innovation enabled age, waste, water &#038; energy can be all recovered. From every little thing that has been discarded and can be converted to valuable resources. 3RM embodies this today and the future of technology by identifying &#038; prioritizing growth opportunities in deploying solutions for waste, water, and energy recovery. Learn More Smart BioCNG Betting on the future 3RM&#8217;s expertise enables partnered stakeholders to develop and implement the most advanced and highly efficient organic biodegradable waste processing plants to generate biogas. It is always an economical and pragmatic option to deal with organic biodegradable waste to generate fuel in the form of biogas and the residual nutrient-rich fertilizer. Industries Served Automobile F&#038;B Pharma Steel Pulp &#038; Paper Power Generation Cement Pulp &#038; Paper Learn More Solid Waste Management Betting Smart Revolutionizing the circular economy by closing the loop digitally. 3RM&#8217;s software and IoT solutions are real-time and help cities/municipalities/societies/institutes predict and plan waste loops. The goal is to eventually consume without wasting any extra resources. Smart technology enables users to understand and analyze feedback data and patterns in order to be waste-ready. Learn More Trusted by the Best Previous image Next image With the Right Partner, Everything Is Possible. Contact Us Linkedin-in Facebook-f Instagram 3R Management Ltd #5F, Vandhna Building, 11, Tolstoy Road, New Delhi – 110001 E: connect@3rmanagement.in P: +91 11 43029300 3Rmanagement© 2025. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Make an Enquiry Job Id Number