3rmanagement - Integrated Waste Management | Sustainable Waste Solutions for a Cleaner Future Skip to content name@example.com Call Now and Get a FREE Consultation (800) 925-63-24 Home Services &#038; Solutions Integrated Waste Management waste-management-4-0 Sorting and Recycling BioCNG Waste Transportation Contacts Us Career Linkedin-in Facebook-f Instagram Linkedin-in Facebook-f Instagram Home Home Blog Who We Do What We Do Home Blog Who We Are Who We Are Blog Make an Enquiry Make an Enquiry We Champion the voices of Zero-Waste society We Believe in our Waste Management results We Hope and we know, together we will make it Vision When it&#8217;s about the environment and waste management, 3RM should be the name to reckon with. Through our endeavors, we make a severe impact in terms of our contribution to society directly and indirectly. Mission Our horse shield drive is to attain a substantial market share in Integrated Waste Management through unceasing innovation by the year 2024 spread across multiple technology spectrums. About Us Core Values 3RM Core Foundations Harmonious Ecosystem Inclusive Growth Ownership Innovation Customer Delight Landfill space is getting scarcer and scarcer, yet businesses continue to produce solid waste in even larger quantities. This doesn’t come cheap as waste can account for up to 5% of your business turnover. This is a huge concern, even for business owners that aren’t invested in environmental efforts. Learn How We can Help Landfill space is getting scarcer and scarcer, yet businesses continue to produce solid waste in even larger quantities. This doesn’t come cheap as waste can account for up to 5% of your business turnover. This is a huge concern, even for business owners that aren’t invested in environmental efforts. Learn How We can Help 3RM Impact Mechanism Integrated Waste Management Learn More Smart BioCNG Learn More Sorting & Segregation Learn More Waste Management 4.0 Learn More Waste Transportation & Collection Learn More REDUCE REDUCE ENTROPY In a hyper-consumerist world, the gatekeepers of waste, water, and land will struggle to keep pace with waste creation and its impact. We need a guiding framework to help them navigate these challenges REUSE EXPERIENCE Instead of reinventing the wheel each time, we have to be able to share best practices and success stories across the world, with societies and innovation circuits. RECYCLE POSSIBILITIES Combine forces and core capabilities to solve unique challenges for ever-growing waste scenarios on land, water, and the air. A seemingly constant effort of the road to zero. REDUCE REDUCE ENTROPY In a hyper-consumerist world, the gatekeepers of waste, water, and land will struggle to keep pace with waste creation and its impact. We need a guiding framework to help them navigate these challenges REUSE REUSE EXPERIENCE Instead of reinventing the wheel each time, we have to be able to share best practices and success stories across the world, with societies and innovation circuits. RECYCLE RECYCLE POSSIBILITIES Combine forces and core capabilities to solve unique challenges for ever-growing waste scenarios on land, water, and the air. A seemingly constant effort of the road to zero. Solid Waste Management Learn More Take a glimpse to our waste management model. We bring in the experience of commercially and viably recovering materials from waste for simpler economical feasibility.​ Explore Recyclable Management Learn More 3RM has strong experience in consulting and being in an advisor to ensure your organisation reaches it's sustainability goal and standards Explore SMART WASTE MANAGEMENT Optimized Resources Cleaner Ecosystems Do More With Less Increased Transperancy Learn More Tailor Your Solution Today Learn More We CAN ONLY CHANGE 2030 IF WE ALL DEMAND A CHANGE IN 2021 BE THE CHANGE About Us WHAT PEOPLE SAY “The team has new age solutions and technologies. 3RM is and will play a critical role in the world of waste and solutions” — Rohtas Goel, Omaxe Ltd WHAT PEOPLE SAY “I liked the clarity and long term vision which established that it is not a fly by night association, we are convinced that we got the right people to work with” — Omita Paul, Secretary to Former President of India, Pranab Mukherjee Linkedin-in Facebook-f Instagram 3R Management Ltd #5F, Vandhna Building, 11, Tolstoy Road, New Delhi – 110001 E: connect@3rmanagement.in P: +91 11 43029300 3Rmanagement© 2025. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Make an Enquiry Job Id Number